---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "luminate_rdp_access_policy Resource - terraform-provider-luminate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# luminate_rdp_access_policy (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) Symantec ZTNA
# SPDX-License-Identifier: MPL-2.0

resource "luminate_rdp_access_policy" "new-rdp-access-policy" {
  name = "my-rdp-access-policy"

  identity_provider_id = "identity_provider_id"
  user_ids             = ["user1_id", "user2_id"]
  group_ids            = ["group1_id", "group2_id"]

  applications = ["application1_id", "application2_id"]

  validators = {
    web_verification = true
  }

  conditions = {
    source_ip = ["127.0.0.1/24", "1.1.1.1/16"]
    location  = ["Wallis and Futuna"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `applications` (Set of String) The applications to which this policy applies.
- `name` (String) A descriptive name of the policy.

### Optional

- `allow_long_term_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether to allow long term password.
- `collection_id` (String) Collection ID to which the policy will be assigned
- `conditions` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this policy is enabled.
- `group_ids` (List of String) The group entities to which this policy applies.
- `identity_provider_id` (String) The identity provider id
- `user_ids` (List of String) The user entities to which this policy applies.
- `validators` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--validators))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `location` (List of String) location based condition, specify the list of accepted locations.
- `managed_device` (Block List) list of managed devices that have restriction access (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--managed_device))
- `source_ip` (List of String) source ip based condition, specify the allowed CIDR for this policy.
- `unmanaged_device` (Block List) list of unmanaged devices that have restriction access (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--unmanaged_device))

<a id="nestedblock--conditions--managed_device"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.managed_device`

Optional:

- `opswat` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to Opswat MetaAccess
- `symantec_cloudsoc` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to symantec cloudsoc
- `symantec_web_security_service` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to symantec web security service


<a id="nestedblock--conditions--unmanaged_device"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.unmanaged_device`

Optional:

- `opswat` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to Opswat MetaAccess
- `symantec_cloudsoc` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to symantec cloudsoc
- `symantec_web_security_service` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to symantec web security service



<a id="nestedblock--validators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `validators`

Optional:

- `web_verification` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to perform web verification validation. not compatible for HTTP applications
