---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "luminate_ssh_access_policy Resource - terraform-provider-luminate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# luminate_ssh_access_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `accounts` (List of String) SSH/Unix accounts with which IDP entities and/or Luminate local users can access the SSH Server
- `applications` (Set of String) The applications to which this policy applies.
- `name` (String) A descriptive name of the policy.

### Optional

- `allow_agent_forwarding` (Boolean) Indicates whether SSH agent forwarding is allowed for a transparent secure access to all corporate SSH Servers via this SSH application that acts a Bastion. This property is relevant for SSH applications only.
- `allow_public_key` (Boolean) Indication whether authentication using long term secret is allowed.
- `allow_temporary_token` (Boolean) Indication whether authentication using a temporary token is allowed.
- `collection_id` (String) Collection ID to which the policy will be assigned
- `conditions` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this policy is enabled.
- `full_upn_auto_mapping` (Boolean) Determine the strategy for mapping IDP entities to SSH/Unix accounts. In case this property is set to true, full UPN is used, otherwise username(the username is the part before the @ of the user’s UPN)is used. This property applies only in case autoMapping is set to true.
- `group_ids` (List of String) The group entities to which this policy applies.
- `identity_provider_id` (String) The identity provider id
- `use_auto_mapping` (Boolean) Determine the strategy for mapping IDP entities to SSH/Unix accounts, and specifically indicate whether automatic mapping based on the logged-in IDP entity username is allowed. In case this propert is set to TRUE, manually entered SSH accounts are ignored. This property is relevant for SSH applications only.
- `user_ids` (List of String) The user entities to which this policy applies.
- `validators` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--validators))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `location` (List of String) location based condition, specify the list of accepted locations.
- `managed_device` (Block List) list of managed devices that have restriction access (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--managed_device))
- `source_ip` (List of String) source ip based condition, specify the allowed CIDR for this policy.
- `unmanaged_device` (Block List) list of unmanaged devices that have restriction access (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--unmanaged_device))

<a id="nestedblock--conditions--managed_device"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.managed_device`

Optional:

- `opswat` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to Opswat MetaAccess
- `symantec_cloudsoc` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to symantec cloudsoc
- `symantec_web_security_service` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to symantec web security service


<a id="nestedblock--conditions--unmanaged_device"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.unmanaged_device`

Optional:

- `opswat` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to Opswat MetaAccess
- `symantec_cloudsoc` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to symantec cloudsoc
- `symantec_web_security_service` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to symantec web security service



<a id="nestedblock--validators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `validators`

Optional:

- `web_verification` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to perform web verification validation. not compatible for HTTP applications
