---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "luminate_web_activity_policy Resource - terraform-provider-luminate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Web activity policy resource
---

# luminate_web_activity_policy (Resource)

Web activity policy resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) Symantec ZTNA
# SPDX-License-Identifier: MPL-2.0

resource "luminate_web_activity_policy" "new-web-activity-policy" {
  name = "my-web-activity-policy"

  identity_provider_id = "identity_provider_id"
  user_ids             = ["user1_id", "user2_id"]
  group_ids            = ["group1_id", "group2_id"]

  applications = ["application1_id", "application2_id"]

  conditions = {
    source_ip = ["127.0.0.1/24", "1.1.1.1/16", "8.8.8.8/24"]
    location  = ["Wallis and Futuna"]

    managed_device = {
      symantec_web_security_service = false
    }
  }

  rules = [
    {
      action = "BLOCK_USER"
      conditions = {
        uri_accessed = true
        http_command = true
        arguments = {
          uri_list = ["/admin", "/users"]
          commands = ["GET", "POST"]
        }
      }
    },
    {
      action = "DISCONNECT_USER"
      conditions = {
        file_uploaded   = true
        file_downloaded = true
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `applications` (Set of String) The applications to which this policy applies.
- `name` (String) A descriptive name of the policy.
- `rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Optional

- `collection_id` (String) Collection ID to which the policy will be assigned
- `conditions` (Attributes) Conditions that specify the context of the user and the device in which the policy will apply (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions))
- `enable_isolation` (Boolean) Indicates whether Web isolation is enabled in this activity policy
- `enable_whitelist` (Boolean) Indicates whether Whitelist for Allow Rules is enabled in this activity policy
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this policy is enabled.
- `group_ids` (List of String) The group entities to which this policy applies.
- `identity_provider_id` (String) The identity provider id
- `user_ids` (List of String) The user entities to which this policy applies.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The activity policy ID

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `action` (String) The action to apply, allowed values: 'ALLOW', 'BLOCK', 'BLOCK_USER', 'DISCONNECT_USER', 'WEB_ISOLATION', 'CDS'

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes) the rule conditions arguments if required per enabled condition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--conditions))
- `dlp_filter_id` (String) the DLP application detection ID, must be provided with a selected CDS action (DLP Cloud Detector).
- `isolation_profile_id` (String) the web isolation profile to apply for this rule if WEB_ISOLATION action is selected.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions`

Optional:

- `arguments` (Attributes) the rule conditions arguments if required per enabled condition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--conditions--arguments))
- `file_downloaded` (Boolean) File Downloaded rule condition enabled
- `file_uploaded` (Boolean) File Uploaded rule condition enabled
- `http_command` (Boolean) HTTP Command rule enabled
- `uri_accessed` (Boolean) URI Accessed rule condition enabled

<a id="nestedatt--rules--conditions--arguments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions.arguments`

Optional:

- `commands` (List of String) the HTTP commands to apply HTTP Command rule condition.
- `uri_list` (List of String) the list of URI to apply URI Accessed rule condition.




<a id="nestedatt--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `location` (List of String) location based condition, specify the list of accepted locations.
- `managed_device` (Attributes) list of managed devices that have restriction access (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--managed_device))
- `source_ip` (List of String) source ip based condition, specify the allowed CIDR for this policy.
- `unmanaged_device` (Attributes) list of unmanaged devices that have restriction access (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--unmanaged_device))

<a id="nestedatt--conditions--managed_device"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.managed_device`

Optional:

- `opswat` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to Opswat MetaAccess
- `symantec_cloudsoc` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to symantec cloudsoc
- `symantec_web_security_service` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to symantec web security service


<a id="nestedatt--conditions--unmanaged_device"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.unmanaged_device`

Optional:

- `opswat` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to Opswat MetaAccess
- `symantec_cloudsoc` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to symantec cloudsoc
- `symantec_web_security_service` (Boolean) Indicate whatever to restrict access to symantec web security service
