---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "luminate_web_application Resource - terraform-provider-luminate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# luminate_web_application (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) Symantec ZTNA
# SPDX-License-Identifier: MPL-2.0

resource "luminate_web_application" "new-web-application" {
  name             = "web-application"
  site_id          = "site_id"
  internal_address = "http://127.0.0.1:8080"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `internal_address` (String) Internal address of the application, accessible by connector
- `name` (String) Name of the application
- `site_id` (String) Site ID to which the application will be bound

### Optional

- `collection_id` (String) Collection ID to which the application will be assigned
- `custom_domain_record_name` (String) Value of custom domain record
- `custom_domain_record_type` (String) Type of custom domain record
- `custom_external_address` (String) The application custom DNS address that exposes the application.
- `custom_root_path` (String) Requests coming into the external address root path '/', will be redirected to this custom path instead.
- `default_content_rewrite_rules_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable automatic translation of all occurrences of the application internal address to its external address on most prominent content types and relevant headers.
- `default_header_rewrite_rules_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable automatic translation of all occurrences of the application internal address to its external address on relevant headers.
- `header_customization` (Map of String) Custom headers key:value pairs to be added to all requests.
- `health_method` (String) HTTP method to validate application health.
- `health_url` (String) Health check path. The URI is relative to the external address.
- `icon` (String) Base64 representation of 128x128 icon
- `linked_applications` (Set of String) This property should be set in a scenario where the defined application contains resources that reference additional web applications by their internal domain name.
- `notification_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether notifications are enabled for this application.
- `sub_type` (String) Web application sub type
- `subdomain` (String) The application DNS subdomain.
- `type` (String) app type
- `use_external_address_for_host_and_sni` (Boolean) Indicates whether to use external address for host header and SNI.
- `visible` (Boolean) Indicates whether to show this application in the applications portal.
- `wildcard_certificate` (String) The certificate for the custom domain of the wildcard application.
- `wildcard_private_key` (String) The private key of the certificate for the custom domain of the wildcard application.

### Read-Only

- `external_address` (String) The application effective DNS address that exposes the application
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `luminate_address` (String) Application DNS address using Symantec ZTNA subdomain (i.e., testapp.acme.luminatesec.com)
